[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1968 horror film Rosemary's
Baby so let's get started
the film opens in 1965 with actor guy
and his wife rosemary Woodhouse moving
into an apartment in New York the
building has a dark history including
both cannibalism and murder but they
move in regardless
rosemary meets Terry a recovering drug
addict who was taken in by minion roman
castevet she shows off a necklace that
the Kassovitz gave her that has a very
strong smell later to be called Tannis
root a few nights later however guy and
rosemary come home to find that Terry
has thrown herself from the window of
the casa vets seventh floor apartment
rosemary and guy quickly become friends
with the casa vets with many giving
rosemary the same necklace that she gave
Terry guy lands a big role in a play
after the original actor inexplicably
goes blind eventually rosemary and guy
decided to have a baby the night they
plan to conceive mini brings some
individual cups of chocolate mousse
rosemary complains of an under taste and
later passes out she then has a
dreamlike visions of being raped by some
demon while guy the Casa vets and other
members of the apartment building look
on all naked the following morning she
wakes with scratches on her body guy
explains that he had sex with her while
she was unconscious because he didn't
want to miss the opportunity for her to
conceive rosemary finds out that she is
pregnant and meets with a doctor hill
that was recommended by a friend but the
Casa vets insists that she must see
their friend dr. Abraham Saperstein who
wants many to make rosemary a daily
health drink rosemary suffers serious
abdominal pains during her pregnancy
loses weight and has odd cravings for
raw meat her friend Hotch sees her
appearance and hears of her being fed
Tannis root which leads him to do some
research before he can tell rosemary of
his findings he unexplicable he goes
into a coma rosemary says she wants to
see dr. hill because of how bad the pain
is and she doesn't feel that dr.
Saperstein is helping which leads to a
fight with guy then all of a sudden the
pain completely stops and she feels the
baby move for the
first time several months later hutch
dies but he was able to direct a friend
to give rosemary a book on witchcraft
and rosemary figures out that Roman
cassava is an anagram for Steven Marcato
the son of a former resident who was
known to be a Satanist
rosemary believes that the castevets and
dr. Saperstein are part of a satanic
coven and that they want to use her baby
for something sinister and that her
husband is cooperating in exchange for
advancements in his acting career she
shares the findings with dr. hill who
assumes she is delusional and calls dr.
Saperstein and guy they tell her that if
she cooperates neither her nor the baby
will be harmed she tries to flee but is
restrained by coven members and is
sedated as she goes into labor as she
wakes she is told that the baby died but
she refuses to believe it rosemary
discovers a secret door leading to the
Casa vets apartment hearing baby cries
coming from there she finds the coven
meeting surrounding her newborn son
roman castevet explains to rosemary the
guy is not the true father but the child
is actually the son of the devil guide
tries to come for her and she spits in
his face
as the film ends rosemary goes to the
cradle and gently rocks her baby with a
small smile on her face so that was the
spoilers for Rosemary's Baby if you have
another film you'd like to see a spoil
please let us know in the comments below
check out movie spoiler alerts on
Instagram and remember to like it and
subscribe thanks for watching